API: Add limit output modifier (#7817)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/api.md

- `time=<rfc3339 | unix_timestamp>`: Evaluation timestamp. Optional.
- `timeout=<duration>`: Evaluation timeout. Optional. Defaults to and
   is capped by the value of the `-query.timeout` flag.

> - `limit=<int>`: limit the size of the returned result.

Reviewer: Size is ambiguous.

> - `limit=<int>`: limit the size of the returned result.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `limit=<int>`: Limit the number of series returned in the result.
```
